Hello everyone and welcome to the course overview lecture.
I have one favor to ask you and that you please do not skip this lecture we cover a lot of really important
things and then make it as quick as possible.
But again please don't skip this lecture even if you've taken other courses of mine before.
All right.
So in this lecture and I quickly cover useful tips for going through the course how to get help during
the course.
Advice on how to approach the course where to find the course books and how to use the student chat
channel.
Let's get going.
So first off a couple of useful tips you can use the video player settings to speed up or slow down
the videos you can use the U to me app to download videos of course lectures and you can make sure to
use our Q and A or question answer forums answers lots of previous discussion.
Already available there now let's talk about how to actually get the notes for this course.
The notes are linked as a zip file as a resource.
In this lecture.
So all you need to do is download that zip file unzip it and you should see all the course notebooks
there.
There is also a pop up link that should have popped up as you're viewing this lecture.
Or you can go to your course dashboard page and then just go to course curriculum and see the resource
links there.
That same ZIP file is also a resource in the fake Q lecture.
Now let's talk about getting help during the course.
If you're experiencing any platform level issues please e-mail support at to me dot com.
Platform level issues include things like video playback.
If you have blurry video certification issues if you have questions on maybe change your name and your
certification or if you have issues with payments or enrollment in the course I don't actually control
any of that.
That's you to meet platform level.
So you're going to need to email support.
You don't mean they'll come and they'll be happy to help you out.
I can actually help you with that.
Now it's talk about getting help on the actual course content now for getting help during the course
content.
I would really recommend that you double check against the course books.
Also I would recommend that a really fast way to get help especially for really common issues is a quick
Google search or the stack overflow search of your error.
That almost always pops up the first link which is a solution to the problem.
Then if you still can't find your solution you can search the question the answer forms inside the course
and you can also check out the Q lectures.
If you still have trouble finding the solution please submit a new question in the question answer forums
including details on what you've tried as well as a screenshot of your error or code.
Please include as much detail as possible so that we can help you out.
Before posting the question and answer forums please confirm that you are using our provided environment
and that you have tried running our provided notebooks without any edits to them.
The way we've designed this course if you're running our provided notebooks in our provided environment
you should never encounter any errors or issues so please confirm those two things and write that you've
confirmed those two things.
When posting into the question answer forums it's going to save you a lot of time from simple typos.
So again simple typos can cause errors.
The two steps above will guarantee that you'll avoid any of those types of issues.
Please keep in mind for the course question answer forums.
We cannot help you if your personal natural language processing projects outside of the Course material.
However we do have a discourse chat channel that's a great place to share your questions on your personal
projects so please keep the question answer forums related to the course material and questions stemming
directly from the course content for your own personal or work projects.
Have those discussions in art this quartet channel you can use the link in the automated welcome message
to join our Dischord server.
The automated welcome message also includes a link to a YouTube video describing how to use and log
into the chat server.
The best way to approach the course in my opinion is to review the notebooks along with video.
The notebooks contain code use in every lecture and are organized in the same order that they appear
during the course and the video usually contains explanatory concepts that can't really be shown through
code.
So we'll have some theory videos as well so I encourage you to use both of those resources.
OK that's it for the course overview lecture.
Thank you so much for watching it all.
And let's get on the course.